---
title: Items with directions
nav_exclude: true
---

## Items with directions
air circulator
amp
analog kitchen scale
ancient statue
ancient statue (fake)
antique bureau
antique clock
antique vanity
antique wardrobe
arcade combat game
arcade fighting game
arcade mahjong game
automatic washer
basketball hoop
bathroom sink
birdhouse
birthday candles
birthday sign
box corner sofa
box sofa
Brake Tapper
brick oven
Bunny Day vanity
Bunny Day wardrobe
campsite sign
Capricorn ornament
cassette player
chalkboard
changing room
cherry speakers
climbing wall
clothes closet
colorful wheel
cooler box
cordless phone
cute DIY table
cute music player
cute vanity
cute wardrobe
dartboard
deluxe washer
den desk
desk mirror
desktop computer
digital alarm clock
diner neon sign
dinosaur toy
director's chair
DIY workbench
doghouse
dollhouse
double-door refrigerator
drink machine
espresso maker
fan
fax machine
fireplace
flashy-flower sign
fortune-cookie cart
freezer
frozen sculpture
garden faucet
gas range
Gemini closet
grand piano
great statue
handy water cooler
hi-fi stereo
high-end stereo
imperial chest
infused-water dispenser
iron closet
ironwood cupboard
ironwood dresser
ironwood kitchenette
juicy-apple TV
jukebox
kadomatsu
kids' tent
knife block
laptop
LCD TV (20 in.)
LCD TV (50 in.)
loft bed with desk
log decorative shelves
loom
lucky cat
lucky gold cat
mermaid closet
mermaid dresser
mermaid shelf
mermaid vanity
metronome
microwave
mini DIY workbench
mini fridge
music stand
mystic statue
mystic statue (fake)
office desk
old-fashioned alarm clock
open-frame kitchen
pear wardrobe
pirate-treasure chest
plain sink
portable record player
portable toilet
pro tape recorder
puppy plushie
raccoon figurine
rattan vanity
rattan wardrobe
Reese & Cyrus photo plate
refrigerator
retro gas pump
retro stereo
rice cooker
rock-head statue
rock-head statue (fake) 
rotary phone
safe
sauna heater
sewing machine
shower booth
skeleton
smoker
snack machine
soccer goal
soup kettle
spooky candy set
spooky lantern
spooky lantern set
spooky scarecrow
spooky table setting
stadiometer
stall
stand mixer
standing toilet
star clock
street piano
study desk
sturdy sewing box
swinging bench
synthesizer
system kitchen
table setting
tankless toilet
tape deck
throwback dino screen
throwback gothic mirror
throwback rocket
tin robot
toilet
tool shelf
trophy case
Turkey Day decorations
Turkey Day hearth
typewriter
upright locker
upright piano
utility sink
warrior statue
warrior statue (fake)
water cooler
wedding pipe organ
wedding welcome board
wild painting left half
wild painting left half
wild painting right half
wild painting right half
windflower fan
wobbling Zipper toy
wooden chest
wooden end table
wooden full-length mirror
wooden table mirror
wooden wardrobe
wooden-block bookshelf
wooden-block chest
wooden-block stereo
wooden-block wall clock
zodiac ox figurine